Add hotbar Lua HUD element and replace hardcoded hotbar (#14321)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.md

* `item`: Position of item that is selected.
* `direction`: Direction the list will be displayed in
* `offset`: offset in pixels from position.
* `alignment`: The alignment of the inventory.
  It starts at the top left corner and not at the center like the most other types.

### `hotbar`

* `direction`: Direction the list will be displayed in
* `offset`: offset in pixels from position.
* `alignment`: The alignment of the inventory.

>   It starts at the top left corner and not at the center like the most other types.

Author: (The position when drawing right-to-left is broken anyway, see the first comment "How does the PR work?".)

I choose the top left corner, to comply with the deprecated behavior, when elements of type `inventory` didn't support an alignment. i.e.
- In the past: it could only be aligned at the top left corner, and the aligned parameter didn't change anything.
- After this PR: With no aligned parameter i.e. `(0,0)`, It is still aligned at the top left corner.

I figured it may be better to check this when the element gets read from Lua, so set the alignment to `(-1,-1)` when `alignment = nil`, and make it central aligned at `(0,0)` like all other elements.
I will change like this if there is no objection.

      moveresult_new_pos = true,
      -- Allow removing definition fields in `minetest.override_item` (5.9.0)
      override_item_remove_fields = true,

>       -- HUD elements of type hotbar exist and
>       -- the predefined hotbar is a Lua HUD elements. (5.10.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      -- The predefined hotbar is a Lua HUD element of type `hotbar` (5.10.0)
```

```lua
{
    type = "image",

>     -- Type of element, can be "image", "text", "statbar", "inventory", "hotbar",
>     -- "waypoint", "image_waypoint", "compass" or "minimap"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -- Type of element, can be "image", "text", "statbar", "inventory", "hotbar" (46 ¹),
    -- "waypoint", "image_waypoint", "compass" or "minimap" (44 ¹)
    -- ¹: minimal protocol version for client-side support
```
